In this lesson, we'll be focused on understanding the granularity,
the distribution, and the modeling of data.
Granularity is defined by what exactly is being measured
in a dataset or basically what each row represents.
A table could be measuring
individual sales or a table could be measuring individual orders,
which could constitute of multiple sales.
Distribution is defined by how spread apart is the data,
where's the center of the data in terms of
both numerical value and number of data points.
Modeling is defined by how data could be spread across
multiple tables and how data can be aggregated or pre-counted for query efficiency.